dalek seasons really long so things will
change and anything can really happen so
we're just kind of just waiting to see
well it is towards the end of week nine
here with character send by Omni slash
I'm joined right now by Vincent bio
frost wing to talk a little bit about
the end of CLG split so as you were my
last person I interviewed on CLG about
four weeks ago I interviewed you and you
said yeah we had a to a weekend last
split when this happened we went 0-6
right after and I said that's the
concern then you unfortunately went 1:07
because you had the 200 this weekend 0 &
8 actually shoot we should have never
went to that we should have when when in
one is doomed yes but on a more serious
note this is probably a I imagine this
was a pretty tough year for you you had
the TSM situation where you pretty much
always made finals and life was looking
good I went to Worlds two years in a row
and now unfortunately didn't make it to
playoffs both splits how are you holding
up well it's incredibly disappointing to
not make playoffs two splits in a row
when we first didn't make it we kind of
like shrugged it off and we're like okay
we'll come back better next season and
we initially started off with a really
good record we went 5 and 3 ends just
after where it's like there's so many
things going wrong that I guess we just
I don't know going 0 1/8 afterwards it's
like really really bad so for you
personally how is this affected you how
do you I don't know how you've been
coping with all this I've been just
focused on like still improving and even
when we were like 0 & 6 we're still
trying to identify like where were the
issues and we didn't like give up or
anything we're still trying to win and
just keep our head and like whatever we
wanted to aim for and that was playoffs
and even now like this weekend even
though we did have a chance of making a
playoffs we still took it as an
opportunity to have our Academy players
play on stage and they never played an
LCS before so it was a really big
opportunity for them and we kind of took
this week of practice as that was the
goal to kind of give them a shot so for
yourself what do you have or what are
you trying to do during the break - I
don't know
deal with this or take your mind off it
I mean what are your plans loss season's
gonna be incredibly long because the
split probably won't start until January
I think a lot of things are gonna change
and for me personally I well I took last
offseason to kind of reflect and like
kind of just look at my own play kind of
think about what I could do better
I think this split this offseason will
be very similar probably maybe take some
time to travel broaden my perspective on
things looking back at the year on CLG
where do you think were the major
missteps or mistakes or what was it that
helped the team back from finding
success over this entire year I think we
could have been more confrontational and
like scribbs
and could have been on each other like
pushing each other to improve a lot more
part of that is on the players part of
it could be on coaching staff but I
think all together like everyone could
have done better and it's just like
collective effort from everyone like if
you're on a team then everyone has to
put their 100% effort to try to make the
team improve we for the most part was
definitely our own gameplay though it
was definitely on us where it wasn't
like oh we didn't have this or we didn't
have that geology you didn't give us
this it was definitely on our own game
play and we could have like we had
control over our record
okay so it'll take some time maybe
travel a little bit what what are your
what do you think sealed you can do to
set itself up for success in 2019 not
exactly sure but thought seasons really
long so things will change and anything
can really happen so we're just kind of
just waiting to see and for the most
part we definitely look at these past
two splits as like a failure and that's
not something that CLG would want to
like continue down this road they
wouldn't be like okay let's just keep
going eight or like nine that's not what
the organization wants and it's not what
I guess depends why either so anything
that you would like to say to the fans
here at the end especially assuming you
know who knows when we'll have a chance
to talk again yeah I probably won't see
you guys for a couple months but I'll be
streaming so look forward to that thank
you for the ones that stuck with us I
mean the season was pretty rough clear
last season but I think we did have some
good moments but even though that a lot
of the time it was pretty bad thank you
so much for instant for the interview
sorry for the losses and looking forward
to seeing what 2019 has in store for you
everyone else you can check out the rest
my coverage of all things he sports
right here on my youtube channel I knew
I could never escape this I freaking
landed my dream job at riot interviewing
pros and stuff and I still have to do
outros for Travis I just can't get out
of it literally you can't see it but on
my back there's like a contract that was
carved into me like full-on freaking fm
a reason and I was burned into her but
you get the idea so I think Sami slash
for this subscribe